README.md, before:

# Microsoft Azure Kusto (Azure Data Explorer) SDK for Java

![Released Version](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.microsoft.azure.kusto/kusto-ingest.svg)


master: [![Build status](https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_apis/build/status/Custom/Kusto/azure-kusto-java-sdk%20ci?branchName=master)](https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_build/latest?definitionId=57651)
![Github Actions Build](https://github.com/Azure/azure-kusto-java/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)


This is the Microsoft Azure Kusto client library which allows communication with Kusto to bring data in (ingest) and query information already stored in the database.
This library contains 3 different modules:
- data: the main client that allows interaction with Kusto. It's able to create a connection, issue (control) commands and query data.
- ingest: this provides an easy way to bring data into Kusto
- samples 

# Install

## Maven

This method is the easiest to follow, just add the following dependency to your pom.xml:
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.microsoft.azure.kusto</groupId>
    <artifactId>kusto-ingest</artifactId>
    <version>2.1.2</version>
</dependency>
```

## Clone
Download the source code, compile and install locally.

One way to do this is by using maven like in the following example:
```
git clone git://github.com/Azure/azure-kusto-java.git
cd azure-kusto-java
mvn install
```

# Prerequisites

- A Java Developer Kit (JDK), version 1.8 or later
- Maven

# Samples

- [Execute a query](samples/README.md#execute-query-sample)
- [Ingest a file](samples/README.md#file-ingestion-sample)
- [Check status of an ingest operation](samples/README.md#query-table-status-sample)

## Best Practices
See the SDK [best practices guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/api/netfx/kusto-ingest-best-practices), which though written for the .NET SDK, applies similarly here.

# Need Support?
- **Have a feature request for SDKs?** Please post it on [User Voice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/915733-azure-data-explorer) to help us prioritize
- **Have a technical question?** Ask on [Stack Overflow with tag "azure-data-explorer"](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-data-explorer)
- **Need Support?** Every customer with an active Azure subscription has access to [support](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-supportability/how-to-create-azure-support-request) with guaranteed response time.  Consider submitting a ticket and get assistance from Microsoft support team
- **Found a bug?** Please help us fix it by thoroughly documenting it and [filing an issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-kusto-java/issues/new).

# Looking for SDKs for other languages/platforms?
- [Node](https://github.com/azure/azure-kusto-node)
- [Python](https://github.com/azure/azure-kusto-python)
- [.NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/api/netfx/about-the-sdk)

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Quickstart Application (#195)
* Initial commit.
The intent is to review this in its current feature-complete state, so I can also commit the equivalent changes in the Python SDK.
Then, in the next PR (or before merging this PR), I will make some additional improvements as discussed, including break main into individual methods and refactor this "query-ingest-query" approach into an additional "query-only" mode.

* Remove comment

* Optimize if/else

* Minor verbiage changes

* Minor verbiage changes

* Minor verbiage changes

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Yochai Gilad <yogilad@microsoft.com>

* - Break main up into methods
- Consider new parameters
- Few code review changes, like consistent periods at end of sentences and filename consistency with Python

* Only alter batching policy if !useExistingTable

* - Pass filesize of 0 for autodetection
- Do not create a File object to get its path; just pass along the provided path
- Move alterBatchingPolicy to within createNewTable, and wrap it in if(false) so it won't run
- Add comment explaining that we generally wouldn't print the output of a control command

* - Improve README text
- Change .alter command to .alter-merge command

* - Change filename kusto-sample-config.json to kusto_sample_config.json to be consistent with Python

* - Fix reference to Python
- Aad a comment for AppCertificate auth

Co-authored-by: Yochai Gilad <yogilad@microsoft.com>

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Azure Kusto (Azure Data Explorer) SDK for Java

![Released Version](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.microsoft.azure.kusto/kusto-ingest.svg)


master: [![Build status](https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_apis/build/status/Custom/Kusto/azure-kusto-java-sdk%20ci?branchName=master)](https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_build/latest?definitionId=57651)
![Github Actions Build](https://github.com/Azure/azure-kusto-java/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)


This is the Microsoft Azure Kusto client library which allows communication with Kusto to bring data in (ingest) and query information already stored in the database.
This library contains 3 different modules:
- data: The main client that allows interaction with Kusto, including creating a connection, issuing (control) commands and querying data
- ingest: Provides an easy way to bring data into Kusto
- quickstart: Self-contained, configurable and runnable sample app for easily getting started with the SDK
- samples: Sample code implementing various scenarios

# Install

## Maven

This method is the easiest to follow, just add the following dependency to your pom.xml:
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.microsoft.azure.kusto</groupId>
    <artifactId>kusto-ingest</artifactId>
    <version>2.1.2</version>
</dependency>
```

## Clone
Download the source code, compile and install locally.

One way to do this is by using maven like in the following example:
```
git clone git://github.com/Azure/azure-kusto-java.git
cd azure-kusto-java
mvn install
```

# Prerequisites

- A Java Developer Kit (JDK), version 1.8 or later
- Maven

# Samples

- [Execute a query](samples/README.md#execute-query-sample)
- [Ingest a file](samples/README.md#file-ingestion-sample)
- [Check status of an ingest operation](samples/README.md#query-table-status-sample)

## Best Practices
See the SDK [best practices guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/api/netfx/kusto-ingest-best-practices), which though written for the .NET SDK, applies similarly here.

# Need Support?
- **Have a feature request for SDKs?** Please post it on [User Voice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/915733-azure-data-explorer) to help us prioritize
- **Have a technical question?** Ask on [Stack Overflow with tag "azure-data-explorer"](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-data-explorer)
- **Need Support?** Every customer with an active Azure subscription has access to [support](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-supportability/how-to-create-azure-support-request) with guaranteed response time.  Consider submitting a ticket and get assistance from Microsoft support team
- **Found a bug?** Please help us fix it by thoroughly documenting it and [filing an issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-kusto-java/issues/new).

# Looking for SDKs for other languages/platforms?
- [Node](https://github.com/azure/azure-kusto-node)
- [Python](https://github.com/azure/azure-kusto-python)
- [.NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/api/netfx/about-the-sdk)

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
